Background: 

Born to a noble family, Shimi was raised with a sense of entitlement and superiority. Her upbringing was filled with luxury and privilege, contributing to her inflated ego. She had been considered a hard-working genius since her childhood and was expected to excel at magic as well. During her first year at a school of magic, Shimi quickly learned she had no magic potential in the slightest. Her mana capacity and output were far below average, and her peers quickly left her behind. Despite being one of the brightest students when it came to written exams, Shimi was boiling inside, unable to handle being a failure. She saw her peers as wasted potential, having endless talent yet squandering it without proper training and knowledge.

Eventually, Shimi's facade broke, and she attacked one of those gifted students, desperately trying to prove her own worth. Her magic was easily blocked and deflected, driving Shimi insane and causing her to let out a bloodcurdling scream. Done caring, she decided to do whatever was possible to win, even if that meant killing them. Pouring all she had into her most powerful ability, Shimi strained her mana core to the point of cracking, causing her mana to go berserk. Her magic transformed into a black sludge that quickly began enveloping her. The black sludge felt like molten lava, burning her from the inside out, dissolving everything that made her up. The pain was unimaginable, yet intertwined with an intense, almost perverse, pleasurable sensation.

The other student, rushed to help, but Shimi, still desperate to finally win even once, took the opportunity to take them down with her. She tackled them to ensure the sludge would consume them both. Shimi felt a strange sadistic pleasure from watching the sludge spread across the student, dissolving her being. Suddenly, Shimi stopped caring, only feeling bliss as the sludge cracked their mana core. Shimi was flooded with a feeling of immense satisfaction and pleasure, causing her to instinctively relax her core, returning her flow of mana to normal.

As the corrupted mana stabilized, Shimi watched in both horror and fascination as the black sludge began to reform their body. The transformation was slow and deliberate, every inch of their form being reshaped into Shimi's likeness. The pain Shimi had felt moments before was replaced by a euphoric high, a twisted sense of fulfillment as she observed the final stages of the transformation. The new Shimi lay on the ground, breathing heavily as if waking from a deep and pleasurable sleep. The original stood over her, a sadistic smile spreading across her face as she looked at the perfect copy. 



Abilities: 

Shimi'ing: Shimi has the ability to transform others into an copy of herself both physically and mentally while retaining their original abilities. Any contact with Shimi leads to a black, sludge like substance being created and slowly enveloping the victims body. Once they are fully covered in the sludge their bodies and personalities are replaced entirely by Shimi. During the process their old bodies and abilities are absorbed into the new Shimi giving them great power. The most effective way to trigger the transformation is by stabbing her hand into the victims chest, rendering them unable to resist any longer. Once fully transformed, Shimi removes her hand and the wound regenerates instantly. Due to the infectious nature of the curse, once a Shimi dies in any way, their bodies melt into a puddle of the black sludge. This sludge is more infectious and any contact will result in becoming Shimi.